Fix num batches in case of multiple dataloaders and percent_check (#1920)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue with `_auto_collect_arguments` collecting local variables that are not constructor arguments and not working for signatures that have the instance not named `self` ([#2048](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/2048))
- Fixed mistake in parameters' grad norm tracking ([#2012](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/2012))
- Fixed CPU and hanging GPU crash ([#2118](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/2118))

> - Fix num batches in case of multiple dataloaders and percent_check ([#1920](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1920))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed number batches in case of multiple dataloaders and `percent_check` ([#1920](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1920))
```
